I don't really know how to start this
video I'm more of in shock than anything
so as you guys know I did sell 1 million
t-shirts and you know buy 1 million
t-shirts I don't mean like a million
t-shirts
I mean faze rain t-shirts the 1 million
limited-edition t-shirts I said I'll be
selling 250 of them and that actually
went down on Friday now when I was
talking to some of my friends about that
I told them you know it might sell in
like an hour I said watch this selling
like an hour
I was excited about I said be really
really cool if I could sell you know all
the shirts in an hour and before my
video even went up like before hitboxes
before anything the shirts actually sold
out in 7 minutes that will always be one
of the most memorable things in my
youtube like everything like I just
can't thank you guys enough like that is
just so amazing that so many people you
know care they know talk to me that much
that you know they bought shirts that
fast and you know 250 sold in 7 minutes
now I don't like saying this at all
because if this sounds weird when I say
it but you know the rain drops you guys
so weird when I say rain drops I don't
know what it is I don't mind typing but
whatever I say it I always feel pretty
weird it sounds so fruity but the rain
drops I fucking love you guys like like
you guys are just so like I don't know
you guys are fuck and what was craziest
is that there's this one guy that bought
a bunch of my apparel like he bought a
fuck ton of apparel I posted a picture
on Twitter because I couldn't believe it
and as soon as I saw that I called him
straightaway and he was a really really
nice guy he wasn't even like a little
kid he was not like that's a bad thing
or anything but you know multiple expect
my fans to be like a little like he was
actually you know a grown up not growing
up for like he was older and I was
talking I mean he was the fucking
coolest guy I called him straightaway
and I was just you know so thankful for
and thankful to him I followed him on
Twitter
look at his Twitter picture red eyes
from Iranian logo look at his background
it's rain I had him I started I actually
added him on Xbox what do I see use code
rain picture package I couldn't believe
it so I'm on the phone with this guy
he's at sea from Norway so shut up two
Norwegians out there and we were just
talking for a little bit and he was
really really cool and I decided to do
this because scuf actually sent me this
controller it's a scuff you don't see
stuff and your stuff brand new
everything
I mean music yet they said it to me as
an extra send me an extra scuff and I
don't really need it cuz you know
they're gonna send me another statistic
me too microscopes actually won rain
scuff in one temporary so they send me
this extra stuff obviously charge cable
everything for 360 and imagine you to
send them to him because
he was just awesome like he bought
fucked under my apparel he's a major
supporter he was telling me that like yo
I actually was one of the first people
to ever buy your pair on my check then
he at you once he's like I think the
third order fourth order to ever ever
buy my apparel so that guy like yo he's
like a snake I was looking through his
tweets he just retweets all my tweets
like it's a super big fan and like
people like that like you know what I
mean like I don't really get to talk
people like that as much and I'm so glad
too when I actually get to talk to
people like that like talking to you
guys interacting with you guys tweeting
back favoriting your tunes whatever just
shows you guys that you know I know you
guys are there I fucking love doing my
baby Wow just get a shot you gonna
fucking leave like for those guys dude
good job Looney no that you don't what
that was fucking sick I mean it wasn't
even on me let's go oh now that she odd
you know 1080 it wasn't even like Daryl
stuff that was pretty fucking sick dude
good job here we go dude
that's his channel if you guys want to
go leave him some love I'm just gonna
say that also if you did buy shirts some
people oh my fuck every single video not
getting mad at you guys but every single
video I said make sure you guys leave
your numbers make sure you guys leave
your numbers guess what some people
didn't do there's already like 80 people
that didn't leave their numbers so I
have to chase them send them emails and
yo give me a call or not give me a call
I'm gonna ask them for the number so I
can call me but I'm gonna be calling
people every weekend sometimes through
the weekdays I was gonna be calling
everybody all the time so you know I'm
just I'm gonna I'm gonna make sure like
even if I miss you or you're at work or
at school actually I probably call you
that earlier oh I'm gonna try to make
sure I ran the right time for everybody
but if I do like you know miss you
you're not there I'm definitely still
gonna call you like I'm gonna make sure
we talk no guys I actually got the new
iPhone 6 it's fucking beautiful I didn't
get the bus that shit's way too big like
yo this is big enough as it is and it's
fucking like you know six and you know
fucking happening I fuckin 3 but you
know I would try to be a nice guy my mom
she has a five but she doesn't even give
a fuck of a phone she has so i sadi know
give her my 5s because you know still
good condition perfect running
fact we restored it gave it to her my
mother's really care that much of the
technology I could fuckin you know give
her a Nokia flip phone put a Apple own
lunch bag oh my god the six is beautiful
look at that third headshot hey there
you go got it come on come on come on
yeah dude I got a lot of headshots there
I'm just gonna show all three in the
killcam it might not it was split as
fuck though really was it's not gonna
one two three and I use this all
authentic a tarat to you know go through
my you know two-step verification and
everything and I fucking locked myself
out of all of my emails and I could not
believe I got I got lucky with a few and
that's when I got into most of them but
one of them I'm still locked out of I
have to do a lot of shit to get it back
score and I walk I reset the phone I
just owe out years of no clone man oh
those but I got Mo's back so that's the
good thing but I was just I can't
believe it man I do a good thing and I
get repaid by locking myself Allen does
not have any neck noticeably crazy
things of the iPhone 6 but the camera I
don't know if it's just me or if you
guys know the two but the fucking camera
is amazed at this yes see me through my
phone camera like it's just amazing like
it's literally amazing like it looks
better than real life like what I can
see with my I would rather look through
this phone other than my two eyes for
the rest of my life oh my god I got a
fucking fury ki jabs kosslyn Skype calls
freaking out and you look what happened
look it's gonna fucking fury kill as I
fuckin subdued as I say that look at
this literally I'm gonna dad texted
group chat look at this he fucking said
this a fury I can't believe
yeah dude yes that is fucking sick I
know stoked a triple a cioppino snowman
triple I shall feed a fucking cool oh my
god I got a fury kill that game - holy
shit okay al this is really off yeah but
I just did a shot now I can't even say
anything because you're here I step that
down here I can't say it it's awkward I
don't quite the eventful video but once
again this video was primarily about you
guys told you guys no like you guys are
just fucking unbelievable love you guys
so much definitely like you guys did
enjoy let's break 15k likes on this
video I love you guys so much it's been
you born Nord and shat I want you guys
to keep it real
yes you're awesome I love you guys peace
out
[Music]